update docs for config dirs (#927)
jupyterhub/repo2docker: docs/source/usage.rst

* A folder named ``.binder/`` in the root of the repository.
* The root directory of the repository.

Having both ``binder/`` and ``.binder/`` folders is not allowed.

> And if one of these folders exists, configuration files in that folder are considered only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If one of these folders exists, only configuration files in that folder are considered, configuration in the root directory will be ignored.
```
